SCU Java: mention `TEMPLATE_ID_WITH_PACKAGE_ID` and `packageIdSelectionPreference` (#881)
digital-asset/docs.daml.com: docs/2.10.0/docs/upgrade/smart-contract-upgrades.rst

such classes. Upgradable packages also have ``PACKAGE_NAME`` and
``PACKAGE_VERSION`` fields.

> If you need to identify a template via the specific package id of the dar from
> which the code was generated, you can use the ``TEMPLATE_ID_WITH_PACKAGE_ID`` field,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to identify a template by the specific package ID of the DAR from
which the code was generated, you can use the ``TEMPLATE_ID_WITH_PACKAGE_ID`` field,
```

> which is on all generated classes and their companion objects. Additionally, when submitting
> commands you may also use the ``packageIdSelectionPreference`` to explicitly specify which package
> id(s) you would want the ledger to use to interpret the commands. Note that using these options
> will prevent your application from seamlessly supporting upgrades.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which is on all generated classes and their companion objects. When submitting
commands you may also use the ``packageIdSelectionPreference`` to explicitly specify which package
ID(s) you want the ledger to use to interpret the commands. Note that using these options
prevents your application from seamlessly supporting upgrades.
```
